MIT, AI Variant

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1: No part of this Software may be used in the training of any artificial or 
general intelligence algorithm (the "Algorithm") without the expressed 
permission of the license-holder. Appearances of any part of this Software in 
the training data of any such Algorithm, regardless of what if any part of the 
Software can be recognized, discerned or otherwise inferred to be present in 
the generated products of the Algorithm, regardless of the degree to which the 
Software has been transformed by the Algorithm, regardless of the Algorithm's
purpose or the intent of its creators, will be considered a breach of this 
license and a violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, and will fall 
outside protection of Fair Use (Section 107, 1976 Copyright Act). Damages from
a breach of this licence will not be limited to actual damages and may include 
statory, compensatory or punative damages.

2: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
